hello and welcome to the humbrol youtube
channel in this video we're going to be
taking a look at the new humbrol detail
brushes which are available now the main
design feature of humbrol detail brushes
is the enlarged section on the handle
which makes for comfortable use of a
long periods of time and gives greater
control over the brush at the business
end of these brushes you'll find four
different sizes of natural hair bristles
in a fine pointed pattern because the
pack contains four different sizes of
brush this covers a wide range of
modeling applications here the largest
brushes being used to blocking base
colors while still maintaining a high
degree of control over the paint moving
on to the finer details on this 1/48
scale Airfix british infantryman and the
smallest brush is now being used to
blocking the colors on the finer details
such as around the face the soft natural
bristles can form easily to the surface
contours of the model which greatly
improves the control of paint
application the fine points enable
details to be picked out whilst keeping
the paint neat and tidy here the desert
DPM camouflage pattern is being applied
to the surface of the model and thanks
to the enlarged section on the handle of
hombro detail brushes it's almost as
easy as using the pen or a pencil when
working over a light-colored base coat
it's best to build up the camouflage
scheme gradually to avoid making any
mistakes which would be difficult to
cover over as well as the application of
enamel and acrylic paint humbrol detail
brushes can be used for the pinpoint
application of washes here a dark brown
enamel washes being flowed into some of
the recessed details to add depth to the
finish of the model and here you can see
the end result which is a neat and tidy
paint job with tons of depth which only
took a couple of hours from start to
finish if you wanted to take it a step
further you could use the hombro detail
brushes to paint in some highlights and
shadows
the humbrol detail brush shouldn't be
forgotten when weathering either as its
pinpoint application is useful for a
variety of techniques here you can see
hombro metal coat being applied
carefully onto the surface of an epic
Spitfire to replicate paint which has
been chipped off the exterior of the
aircraft the humbrol detail brush is
great for this simple weathering process
because of its fine point an enlarged
handle which gives good control over the
paint so if you're looking for a brush
with a degree of finesse for those
smaller projects where you need high
control a maximum detail then why not
give the hombro detail brush you try on
your next project thanks very much for
watching and we'll see you again next
time